[Service Bus]: Batch delete (#40398)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/servicebus/azure-messaging-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

### Features Added

> - Added the support for batch-delete APIs in Receiver client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the support for batch delete APIs in `ServiceBusReceiverClient` and `ServiceBusReceiverAsyncClient`.
```
